I got it wired up with some amount
of side road trips there to
the point where we got the RGB.
Your, I'll push up this branch and
we have one they'll kind of drop
in that's a steady state as well.
I'll push it both alive coding on
the steady state just to make sure.
And good job is to choose your
own adventure at this point and
we'll put it on the screen for perpetuity.
Is to, let's see.
We pass this fashion
as a prop here we are.
You can get,
you can follow me down my path.
Get one or the other, either HSL or HSV
is working right and kind of just again,
follow the path I put in the code
I'm about to share in the chat.
Or I'll have the branch up here as well.
Or if you wanna try to get one of
the color change swatches working,
the idea being that when I click on
any of these colors, it should change.
Right and so that's an onclick event.
Should, that one just takes the hex code,
so
you don't have to worry
about the trials and
tribulations of my third party library.
But you can click on one of these and
it should change the color as well.
So those are two different things.
You can either get one of these rows or
you can go ahead and
try to get click on one of
these to change the color.
It's the same basic idea.
It's passing dispatch down.
Through an intermediate component make
sure it's typed correctly make sure
you have the action, right,
that seen all the fun autocomplete happen.
So of the two missions
that I'm gonna solve for,
I'm not going to do the one that
I did before, [LAUGH], right?
You're welcome to do that one.
But I am going to go do the other one,
which is getting clicking on one
of those buttons to work, right?
I have two real choices.
I can get it working either, here or here,
considering there's two of these,
I'm gonna go this way also.
1989 Miami hotline, right?
This color is called and
this branch that I switched it
to is called Aggressive Salmon.
I chose it cause of the name, right?
Cool, so kinda going through
we've got this color reducer and
got this kind of all in place.
Let's go ahead and basically yeah, it's
a little bit of a change but also slightly
easier in some ways than the other one,
which is to go into application.
We've got dispatch already.
Do a little bit the same and like again
part of threading it through is setting
us up for like would be cool overdrive
is the context API that great.
But we'll get that set up.
So following the red squiggly system
it's like yo that's it's not a prop
on save colors like yeah
I'm gonna work down.
So here we can say, And
we'll say, I grabbed the just
kind of a base branch for
starting this and
this one's called collar actions.
I do you need to pull this in,
which is better than the one
that had like a similar name?
So we got that we can pass it through and
we'll take this.
And you can see we get the nice
typing from everything and
we'll get all the auto complete.
Everything's gonna be good.
So we've got this saved color.
And let's see on here can we do the ad
click, but we have to pass that through,
we have to pass it through again.
And you could argue, could you do an on
click handler on here and pass it through.
I will show you how to
do that in a little bit.
I promise you.
Follow the red squigglies,
second album name.
Color actions.
And then on the button,
that's the remove button.
We've got one more thread.
We could probably do it in here too.
I want it usable everywhere,
else it, Will dispatch.
And then we have the object where
we get all the autocomplete type.
Update hex color.
Now, since we're working with the hex
color I shouldn't have any of the issues
that I had before.
Famous last words, right?
All right, so let's see how that went.
So we got the on click on
the color change swatch.
Can I have, we did.
If you don't put it on
these they don't work.
And it all works everything's good and
you can see all my complimentary and
try colors change as well.
Because it's all being created
from there 1989 Miami hotline.
And so for funsies,
you can also wire these up.
I'll give that a sec sorry so
Raiders the same basic idea.
That you can kind of pass
these through and use them.